
1.
The name of the database model with which SQL is associated with is relational model.

2. 

By creating my own Database Management System It will provide efficient data that is reliable, persistent, secured,
and convenient. Where the Database Management system can handle failures and be able to restore the data that
was permanently stored within the DMS.

3.
SalesID: 3
Lastname: Bob
Firstname: Bentley
Initials: BBB
Base: 100
Supervisor: 4




4.

The output the query produce was the average of the weightInKg.


5.
The query returns with an empty set because natural join doesn't have a specified join condition.
In both of the tables don't contain any fields that match.

6. 

The first query list the studio names from the studios who's genre is not jazz. Where the second query only shows
two studionames that genre is not considered jazz.




7.

This query list the members firstname, lastname and the maximum number of letters in either their 
first or lastname.

8.

This query list the lastname, firstname, and artistname from members who is not the main contact person for the artists.



9. 
Select firstname, lastname, FLOOR(datediff(curdate(),birthday)/365.25) as "Age" from members WHERE Region = "VA";

10. 

select s1.firstname, s2.studioname from salespeople s1 left join studios s2 using(salesID);

11.

select tr.tracktitle, IF(a.artistname = "The Bullets", 'yes', 'no' ) as "By the Bullets?" from tracks tr join titles using(titleID) join artists a using(artistID);


12.

In the first table would be called the "KiosksID" for the five different manufacturers, and details about each manufacturer such as the city,region,etc. 
Within that table there wil be a Primary key named "manufacturer" and each manufacturer will have their own unique identity. in the second
table would be called "Scissors" and the primary key will be "ScissorsID" and there the foreign key would be the KiosksID.
within that table there will be information regarding the scissors like the color, type of scissor, etc.
The last table will be called "employees" that will contain information on the supervisors, salespeople, firstname, lastname etc.